Check if the scheduler already has `reduce_on_plateau` (#13838)
Lightning-AI/lightning: src/pytorch_lightning/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed main progress bar counter when `val_check_interval=int` and `check_val_every_n_epoch=None` ([#12832](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/12832)

> - Improved support for custom scheduler `ReduceLROnPlateau` class ([#13569](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/issues/13569))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved support for custom `ReduceLROnPlateau` scheduler if `reduce_on_plateau` is set by the user in scheduler config ([#13838](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/13838))
```
